---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-10T16:48:34.969Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-10T16:48:24.978Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-10-b8cd7773-f8fa-4926-a4c0-7669b8da9006.md
published: true
url: b8cd7773-f8fa-4926-a4c0-7669b8da9006/index.html
_type: Article

---
## Use your personality and ego to take action. Do your best, and forget the rest.

Mistakes are good.

We are afraid of making a mess, looking stupid, falling, tripping, slipping, but this is the fact of life. It will happen in life. 

If you hold yourself back from life because of this fear of looking stupid in front of others, you already are dead.

In order to take action we don't need to always be looking like a flailing chicken with it's head cut off, but we don't need to look like a composed, collected, model walking down all chic and casual down the runway. 

You just need to be you, in your personality. We all have various personalities, some are sticky, some are sharp, others are soft, others are intense and heavy. In order to fulfill your purpose, you have embodied into the specific composition, structured body, and tendencies you carry with you throughout your life.

Once you can see this clearly and learn to accept your individuality, you will be freed to take action and speak up in the way only you know how. 

Sometimes our mission is to impact 1 million people. Sometimes our mission is to impact our direct families. Sometimes our purpose and mission is to impact our very own selves. Sometimes our purpose is to impact all three.

Whatever the purpose, we cannot get to fulfilling it when we are too busy criticizing others on the superficial personalities and egos they are made of to get the job done. 

Instead of criticizing others on their ego and personality, we should be focusing on how we can better fall into our purpose to affect a change in our environments. We too have an ego and personality that will not necessarily jive well with everyone under the sun. But that isn't the point.

It's not about Personality and Ego. Use your personality to take action.

The point is not to tip toe around each other until we stop hurting each other's feelings. The point is to wake up to the reality that different personalities and egos exist, and to accept all personalities, and move forward to working together towards a greater common goal.