---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-10T16:04:24.462Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-10T16:04:12.824Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-10-43e1bcc7-4f21-4378-b711-54bd5c83139a.md
published: true
url: 43e1bcc7-4f21-4378-b711-54bd5c83139a/index.html
_type: Article

---
## Take Advantage of Your Feelings and Use Them to Create the Life You Want

Feelings are meant to be expressed. 

Not expressed **at **something . Not towards something. But expressed into the Infinite Akash. This is why singers have the best lives. They feel something, they can just sing it out and by the end of the song they feel satisfied. They may have even created a one-hit wonder. 

You can use your feelings to create something fantastic, too. 

Feelings are not supposed to be suppressed. Feelings are subjective; they are your personal opinion. We begin to feel something when we perceive something about a particular situation.

"I don't like this. That makes me happy. I feel joyful just because."

These thoughts are all based on subjective opinions that are deduced from our own filtered perceptions on how we view our lives with respect to the overall life outside of us. 

Sure, if you work corporate or at a law firm, or any other institution (usually education with emphasis on science and philosophy), you are expected to keep neutral. Having a neutral, objective mind is the key for all scientists, lawyers, accountants, mathematicians, and a handful of other types of people. 

The rational intellect likes to categorize, divide, and compute results from deducing solutions and explanations, using logic. 

However, the objective, rational thinking mind  runs off in division and separation.

The subjective, feeling mind runs off in sometimes counterproductive behavior that can lead us to self-destruction or outward-destruction.

So, we have learned and been taught to 'suppress' the feelings or ignore them, where they then make their journey deep into the subconscious realities of our subtle bodies, where they imprint themselves, for eternity, really, until they are paid attention to and released. 

So the point being here, is that both the logical mind, and the feeling mind are important to get us to take actions that are supposed to be serving us rather than betraying us and humiliating us by erupting in inappropriate situations. 

But we have not practiced mastery over both the logical mind and the feeling emotional mind. 

Learning to honor and respect, and pay attention to your feelings and emotions, will make you overall an emotionally intelligent human being. You could anything constructive or creative, such as write a song, sing, write a book, talk it out in a group and get some synergistic conversation going. Or take some action and see how you can begin to make a change in the things that sadden, anger, or bother you.

Learn to honor and respect the logical thinking mind, and use it to make the logical, step-by-step plans necessary to fulfill the desires of the feeling mind.

Learning to use your feelings and logical minds to work for you in serving your purpose, and not against you, can be very easy.

In fact, I have written out a step-by-step action plan to put into use immediately. Within 40-days of implementing these simple 5 minute habits, I guarantee that you will understand your emotions better and be able to channel them appropriately to create the life you want, instead of create disaster and outbursts.