---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: Services Tailored to You
datePublished: '2016-02-09T18:19:09.227Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-09T18:19:07.227Z'
title: Services
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-09-1d5f439d-5088-46fd-b85a-c16eed928641.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 1d5f439d-5088-46fd-b85a-c16eed928641/index.html
_type: Article

---
## Services

Vedic Astrology Consultations

In-depth Self-Examination

Learn more about yourself in this in-depth self-assessment, self-awareness and self-examination session. In 60-minutes, you will learn all about your ego, your Infinite Self and your Dharma. You will learn about your own filtered perception of yourself, the way others perceive you, and the reality of who you are. You will learn how you can bridge the gap between the illusionary perceptions, and how to mitigate them so that your true nature shines through. A lot of the times we feel misunderstood, by ourselves, and can be misunderstood by others, leading to conflict. These misunderstandings are created by illusionary thoughts, filters and perceptions. By learning about these illusions, you can be better equipped to live life by putting your truest face forward.

Career Consultation

Take it a step further and after learning what your Dharma is, learn about your specific skills, strengths and weaknesses that you must take into consideration when beginning the process of creating a vocation and career. Learn how you best operate, and what you were meant to do on Earth. Learn about the steps you should take to be on the path towards creating a career for yourself that can be of value to others. Learn what the world is expecting from you (which is to be your true self and offer your services), whether it be a musician, a business person, a governmental officer, or a teacher. Learn what you were meant to share with the world and find your value.

Muhurta Consultation

Learn about auspicious times for you to take full advantage of, and when it would be best for you to start a new career, apply for a new job, start a new project, let go of a relationship, let go of a dead-end job, plan for marriage, having a family, etc.

State of Mind Reading

Our minds can be our best friend or our own worst enemy. Learn all about your mind's neurosis, psychology, mental afflictions, and general thinking patterns. This reading is most beneficial for those with severe mental afflictions, such as depression, anxiety, anger, sadness, grief, and self-induced low-self-esteem issues. Some people's minds tend to be more naturally afflicted than others, learn why, and how it impacts you and your life. Also learn to see the silver lining behind your mind's neurosis, and learn action steps on how to overcome. Self-awareness is the first step to self-acceptance.

Relationship Consultations - between two people, and amongst groups

Relationships can be hard. Some people learn to avoid them, because the relationship can cause severe distress upon each person. Sometimes you can get totally lost in the other, and lose yourself entirely. Sometimes you can be the aggressor and you can demand too much of your loved one's attention and energy. Every person carries a specific universe inside themselves, and thus conflict is inevitable. Learn how to read each other, learn more about each other's general tendencies, natural afflictions, and truest natures. Get past the perception and what you expect from each other, and discover who each other truly is. Once you can get past the illusionary expectations, the illusions of grandeur, the misunderstandings, you can begin to come towards middle ground and meet each other halfway, benefiting everyone in the relationship. Then and only then, when we stop fighting for each other's energy, and rather work on ourselves to become whole, can we meet each other halfway. 

By learning about the other, we can begin to understand each other better and resolve conflicts quickly.

There are steps to creating synergistic relationships.

step 1\. self-awareness. by having self-awareness, we allow ourselves the space to let go of old habits and build new ones.

step 2\. creating a whole being within ourselves

step 3\. meeting the other 'whole being' half way. 

step 4\. have meaningful relationships, that create synergy. create together.