---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: 'predictions, insights '
datePublished: '2016-02-09T15:23:25.296Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-09T15:23:21.755Z'
title: entering 2020
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-09-c55a127f-c624-46df-aabe-a7e842051ec7.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: c55a127f-c624-46df-aabe-a7e842051ec7/index.html
_type: Article

---
Audrey Hepburn

Saturday

May 4, 1929

3:00:00 am 

Brussels

4E20 50N50

Her Moon is in the ascendant in Aquarius.

Planets' status in a house (temp great friend, friend, neutral, enemy, great enemy)

__

Her moon is karaka of home and mother, which is placed in the house of self and personality in Aquarius (unconventional, individualistic and unique) which is ruled by Saturn, which is the karaka of gains and losses, so she experiences gains and losses. Saturn is in a house of a neutral. 

Mars and Saturn place graha dristi 100% on Moon in H1\. Her Saturn is in the house of Lord Jupiter, who likes to socialize and be around people, whereas Saturn is more melancholy and does not care for material pursuits. Jupiter does not care for money either, so in terms of her desire in the 11th house of gains, she is more concerned about relationships than about making money. This behavior influences her first house of personality and how she behaves.

Venus is exalted in Pisces, in the second house of wealth, possessions, and throat/singing. She was a great singer and dancer and performer. Jupiter, the Lord of the 2nd house, is enemies with Venus, but Saturn in Sagitarrius is placing Rasi Dristi onto Venus in 2H and Venus and Saturn are friends. 

Rahu, Sun and Jupiter are in Aries in the 3rd house . Mars is the Lord of the 3H, and also, Mars is the Karaka of the 3H (in general). 3rd house is the house of valor and courage. Rahu is 28 degrees, headings towards both Jupiter and Sun, placing discomfort in this house, but since it is in the house of Mars and the Rasi is aries which is ruled by mars, Audrey has the courage necessary (Sun and Rahu conjunct) to take courage, which she was very couragous in her acting.

She also has Cancer (with mars in 6H) and Aquarius (with moon in 1H) placing Rasi Dristi on her 3H Aries. 

Mercury is in 4H in Taurus. Lord of 4H is Venus. Mercury and Venus are friends. Mars in cancer and Moon in Aquarius are placing Rasi Dristi on Mercury in Taurus. Mercury is in a house of moksha. Mercury is not seeking moksha, it is seeking material and intellect. Venus is also a rajasic planet, not interested in  moksha but rather ambitions in relationships and romance, arts. Mercury combined with Venus as Lord's influence in a moksha house may indicate why she was married and divorced several times...she seemed to focus more on her career (which she was very successful at), but her personal domestic life was not a priority for her (she focused her efforts on helping children in Africa in her last years of life).

Mars is debilitated in cancer but is in the 6H, in which Mars is the natural karaka of the 6H (one of the karakas of 6th house). She didn't seem to have too many enemies nor health issues. Mars being debilitated could just mean she was humble and that mars' competitive nature was not present, although the fact that mars is in the 6H made her capable of thwarting off enemies if they should come. 

Ketu in 9th house of guru is in Libra, where Venus is Lord. Possibly indicating past life experience of trade.

Saturn is in 11th house, in Sagittarius, with Jupiter as Lord. Jupiter is also natural karaka of this house. Furthermore, Jupiter in 3H is placing Graha Dristi on Saturn in 11H. Therefore, Jupiter is heavily influencing the house, as the landlord, and Saturn as the tenant. Again, in the house of gains, Audrey has a sattvic influence, who wants to be social and cares about other people, and yet is reserved due to Saturn's influence.

For information regarding your birthchart, please contact viviannelightheart@gmail.com